#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.9
# To update, run:
#
#    ./compile-requirements
#
aiohttp==3.8.3
    # via web3
aiosignal==1.2.0
    # via aiohttp
aniso8601==8.0.0
    # via flask-restful
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via aiohttp
attrs==19.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   trustlines-contracts-deploy
    #   trustlines-relay (setup.py)
base58==2.0.0
    # via multiaddr
bitarray==1.2.2
    # via eth-account
blinker==1.4
    # via sentry-sdk
cachecontrol==0.12.6
    # via firebase-admin
cached-property==1.5.2
    # via py-evm
cachetools==4.0.0
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   trustlines-relay (setup.py)
certifi==2019.11.28
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
chardet==3.0.4
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==2.1.1
    # via aiohttp
click==7.1.1
    # via
    #   contract-deploy-tools
    #   flask
    #   trustlines-contracts-deploy
    #   trustlines-relay (setup.py)
contract-deploy-tools==0.11.1
    # via
    #   trustlines-contracts-deploy
    #   trustlines-relay (setup.py)
coverage==5.3
    # via trustlines-relay (setup.py)
cytoolz==0.10.1
    # via
    #   eth-keyfile
    #   eth-utils
decorator==4.4.2
    # via networkx
eth-abi==2.1.1
    # via
    #   eth-account
    #   eth-tester
    #   web3
eth-account==0.5.9
    # via
    #   eth-tester
    #   web3
eth-bloom==1.0.3
    # via py-evm
eth-hash[pycryptodome,pysha3]==0.2.0
    # via
    #   eth-bloom
    #   eth-tester
    #   eth-utils
    #   trie
    #   web3
eth-keyfile==0.5.1
    # via
    #   contract-deploy-tools
    #   eth-account
eth-keys==0.3.4
    # via
    #   eth-account
    #   eth-keyfile
    #   eth-tester
    #   py-evm
eth-rlp==0.2.1
    # via
    #   eth-account
    #   web3
eth-tester[py-evm]==0.6.0b6
    # via
    #   -r constraints.in
    #   contract-deploy-tools
eth-typing==2.3.0
    # via
    #   eth-abi
    #   eth-keys
    #   eth-utils
    #   py-ecc
    #   py-evm
    #   web3
eth-utils==1.9.5
    # via
    #   contract-deploy-tools
    #   eth-abi
    #   eth-account
    #   eth-keyfile
    #   eth-keys
    #   eth-rlp
    #   eth-tester
    #   hexbytes
    #   py-ecc
    #   py-evm
    #   rlp
    #   trie
    #   trustlines-relay (setup.py)
    #   web3
firebase-admin==4.3.0
    # via trustlines-relay (setup.py)
flask==1.1.1
    # via
    #   flask-cors
    #   flask-restful
    #   flask-sockets
    #   sentry-sdk
    #   trustlines-relay (setup.py)
flask-cors==3.0.8
    # via trustlines-relay (setup.py)
flask-restful==0.3.8
    # via trustlines-relay (setup.py)
flask-sockets==0.2.1
    # via trustlines-relay (setup.py)
frozenlist==1.3.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
gevent==22.10.2
    # via
    #   -r constraints.in
    #   flask-sockets
    #   gevent-websocket
    #   trustlines-relay (setup.py)
gevent-websocket==0.10.1
    # via
    #   flask-sockets
    #   trustlines-relay (setup.py)
google-api-core[grpc]==1.16.0
    # via
    #   firebase-admin
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-firestore
google-api-python-client==1.8.0
    # via firebase-admin
google-auth==1.11.3
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-auth-httplib2==0.0.3
    # via google-api-python-client
google-cloud-core==1.3.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-firestore
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-firestore==1.6.2
    # via firebase-admin
google-cloud-storage==1.26.0
    # via firebase-admin
google-resumable-media==0.5.0
    # via google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos==1.51.0
    # via google-api-core
greenlet==2.0.1
    # via gevent
grpcio==1.27.2
    # via google-api-core
hexbytes==0.2.0
    # via
    #   eth-account
    #   eth-rlp
    #   trie
    #   web3
httplib2==0.19.0
    # via
    #   -r constraints.in
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
idna==2.9
    # via
    #   requests
    #   yarl
ipfshttpclient==0.8.0a2
    # via web3
itsdangerous==1.1.0
    # via flask
jinja2==2.11.1
    # via flask
jsonschema==3.2.0
    # via web3
lru-dict==1.1.6
    # via
    #   py-evm
    #   web3
markupsafe==1.1.1
    # via jinja2
marshmallow==3.5.1
    # via
    #   marshmallow-oneofschema
    #   trustlines-relay (setup.py)
    #   webargs
marshmallow-oneofschema==2.0.1
    # via trustlines-relay (setup.py)
msgpack==1.0.0
    # via cachecontrol
multiaddr==0.0.9
    # via ipfshttpclient
multidict==6.0.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via
    #   py-ecc
    #   py-evm
netaddr==0.7.19
    # via multiaddr
networkx==2.4
    # via trustlines-relay (setup.py)
parsimonious==0.8.1
    # via eth-abi
pendulum==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r constraints.in
    #   trustlines-contracts-deploy
protobuf==3.11.3
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   web3
psycogreen==1.0.2
    # via trustlines-relay (setup.py)
psycopg2==2.8.4
    # via trustlines-relay (setup.py)
py-ecc==1.7.1
    # via py-evm
py-evm==0.5.0a3
    # via eth-tester
py-solc-x==1.1.1
    # via contract-deploy-tools
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via google-auth
pycryptodome==3.9.7
    # via
    #   eth-hash
    #   eth-keyfile
pyethash==0.1.27
    # via py-evm
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via httplib2
pyrsistent==0.15.7
    # via jsonschema
pysha3==1.0.2
    # via eth-hash
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via pendulum
pytz==2019.3
    # via
    #   flask-restful
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-firestore
pytzdata==2020.1
    # via pendulum
requests==2.23.0
    # via
    #   cachecontrol
    #   google-api-core
    #   ipfshttpclient
    #   py-solc-x
    #   web3
rlp==2.0.1
    # via
    #   eth-account
    #   eth-rlp
    #   eth-tester
    #   py-evm
    #   trie
rsa==4.0
    # via google-auth
semantic-version==2.8.4
    # via
    #   eth-tester
    #   py-solc-x
sentry-sdk[flask]==0.14.3
    # via trustlines-relay (setup.py)
six==1.14.0
    # via
    #   flask-cors
    #   flask-restful
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth
    #   google-resumable-media
    #   grpcio
    #   jsonschema
    #   multiaddr
    #   parsimonious
    #   protobuf
    #   pyrsistent
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tinyrpc
sortedcontainers==2.3.0
    # via trie
sqlalchemy==1.3.15
    # via trustlines-relay (setup.py)
tinyrpc==1.0.4
    # via trustlines-relay (setup.py)
toml==0.10.0
    # via trustlines-relay (setup.py)
toolz==0.10.0
    # via cytoolz
trie==2.0.0-alpha.5
    # via py-evm
trustlines-contracts-bin==2.0.0
    # via
    #   trustlines-contracts-deploy
    #   trustlines-relay (setup.py)
trustlines-contracts-deploy==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r constraints.in
    #   trustlines-relay (setup.py)
typing-extensions==3.7.4.3
    # via trie
uritemplate==3.0.1
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3==1.25.8
    # via
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
varint==1.0.2
    # via multiaddr
web3==5.31.0
    # via
    #   -r constraints.in
    #   contract-deploy-tools
    #   trustlines-contracts-deploy
    #   trustlines-relay (setup.py)
webargs==5.5.3
    # via trustlines-relay (setup.py)
websockets==9.1
    # via web3
werkzeug==0.16.1
    # via
    #   -r constraints.in
    #   flask
wrapt==1.12.1
    # via trustlines-relay (setup.py)
yarl==1.8.1
    # via aiohttp
zope-event==4.5.0
    # via gevent
zope-interface==5.2.0
    # via gevent

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
